c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.exe.config
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.exe
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.pdb
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.g.resources
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.exe
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts.pdb
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Wpf_ModernCharts_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\obj\Debug\Dictionaries\Generic.baml
C:\Users\Okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.dll
C:\Users\Okulich\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\Okulich\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Wpf_ModernCharts\Wpf_ModernCharts\bin\Debug\De.TorstenMandelkow.MetroChart.pdb
